[ __ ] imagination use its miles here from
healthy crazy-cool today I'm gonna be
sharing give you an amazing post-workout
smoothie oh started asking me Oh have
you been working out and I'm like I
actually haven't been working out I just
stopped eating animal products and now I
have asked that I lost a lot of weight I
lost proximately 50 pounds without even
trying just naturally from transitioning
to a plant-based diet I used to suffer a
really bad acne both on my face and on
my body I have absolutely no time for
empty gestures from a corporate movement
that has completely lost its way where
are the bold campaigns and animal rights
today I'm not talking about stripping
off your clothes they're putting on some
fancy gala I'm talking about real action
it doesn't exist
weak leaders have developed weak
followers
[Music]
baddest yen hey guys this video makes
two points briefly and then presents you
with a contrast of what plant-based news
could be and should be because there
really is important news to be covered
in the movement they're important
questions to be asked and based on the
one conversation I had with Klaus the
man behind plant-based news I think it's
actually the mission he wanted to take
on when he started the channel what
Klaus has said to me
directly we only spoke once was that
what he aspired to be was like a certain
investigative journalist in England I
didn't know the name I don't watch
British TV but I googled it after the
fact and I found out who was talking
about and it's sad that the one example
he talked about excitedly that he
thought showed his potential to do this
kind of journalism is a video that's now
been deleted from his channel
it was his interview with Charles Marlow
also known as the vegan cheetah he was
very proud of the fact that he felt he
had cross-examined Charles Marlow about
important issues of the day I think we
can all say now looking back those were
not the important issues of the day and
that's why this video ends with the
contrast I've edited together some clips
from another vegan channel called shark
that is addressing fundamental problems
in veganism as a movement that we need a
news channel to report on all of us need
to be kept updated no one man can do
this it will be wonderful if we had a
sincere news service talking about you
know news but also fundamental problems
and questions within the movement
because in some ways the movement is
growing but in some ways the movement is
hollowing out and in the second half of
this video you'll hear more about that
what clothes is doing today what you're
getting on plant-based news is very far
from that aspiration he stated to me his
aspiration to do legitimate
investigative journalism about and for
the vegan movement instead what closest
doing is just as bad as what freely was
doing two years ago it's just as bad in
to import
respects one even in a video as harmless
as his recent video about the science of
making a healthy smoothie you may think
this is a ridiculous thing to criticize
but it shows the fundamental problem
with what clothes does and how he does
it there are pseudo scientific claims
made again and again throughout that
whole video and all I had to do to
debunk any one of them was consult
Wikipedia freely likewise built an
empire quite a lucrative Empire selling
ebooks and in effect presenting
motivational lectures that were based on
lies pseudo scientific claims about the
vegan diet about health benefits and
also just straight-up scare mongering
that comes out of the sub-basement of
Internet chat forums ideas like famously
or something I criticized at length on
this channel the idea that garlic
contains a neurotoxin the reason we are
adding pineapple and specifically while
we're adding the core of pineapple is
because pineapple contains a very very
powerful antioxidant and
anti-inflammatory antioxidant called
bromelain bromelain is great for your
joints for your digestion and also for
muscle recovery the thing is about
pineapple is that most of the bromelain
is held within the core so you can
either juice it or blend it the claims
made in this video above the chemical
bromelain are entirely false and I
debunked them with five seconds of
research that's something plant-based
news isn't doing and that they aren't
willing to do why is that what is the
meaning of news and at what point did
Klaus totally lose his sense of moral
compass and purpose that motivated him
to start this channel and that he told
me about with sincere enthusiasm the
last time I talked to him is that really
too much to ask that you would do
fact-checking
the way even the lowest and the worst
newspapers do before presenting this
sort of thing as news because I know
that you agree with me close you've
talked to me by email and by Skype I
know that you agree with me in seeing it
as deeply problematic what freely did in
hyping and promoting the vegan movement
on the basis of pseudoscience and lies I
know this is something you could you
criticized and you opposed and that you
started off with a mandate to be better
than that
the second factor I wanted to mention
here as many of you will have noticed is
that close has himself started promoting
the bikini body myth of veganism and
those videos I did force myself to watch
them before presenting this critique
believe me I would have preferred to
just fast-forward through them and not
have to watch the whole video before
before saying this but I do
fact-checking I do my due diligence
before coming urine and presenting
criticism the internet they're full of
the sort of lies that I do think in your
own private life have to go unchecked if
you have a co-worker at the office who
lost 50 pounds and they tell you they
did it effortlessly you know what that's
fine
you're not gonna cross-examine them
you're not gonna fact-check them
you're not gonna say we'll come on what
do you really mean by effortlessly if
someone tells you a co-worker a cousin
that they cured their cystic acne with a
vegan diet you're probably not going to
cross-examine in fact check them and say
okay which medications were you taking
what type of facial scrubber you're
using you're probably not going to try
to falsify to fact check to prove or
disprove these claims but again the
basic concept of a news channel is that
you're better than that
you're better than water cooler talk on
some level even if it's a so-called
white lie of this kind and the bikini
videos that he's not promoting they are
just a stack beginning to end of this
kind of white lie to promote veganism
even if this is something you wouldn't
challenge somebody on on water cooler
talk I know that close is aware that we
know of a long legacy
precisely this type of live within the
vegan movement I know that he's aware of
the insidious way in which it discredit
us all in which it makes us all look
foolish and all look ridiculous
here we are sort of just two years after
lifestyle activism as promoted by freely
fell apart I think clothes was kind of
there to celebrate the end of that
paradigm and I see him reviving it
I don't really fault some of the women
who are in that video for saying these
sort of flattering half-truths on their
own channel but I think the question is
for people like us people like Klaus
people like myself why would we
uncritically propound and promote those
half-truths why would we package it up
with the veneer of respectability of
journalism of investigative journalism
what Klaus claims he wants to do and
present this positively as part of the
present and future of the movement I
really see what close is doing as
morally quite different in character
than some of the evasive half-truths
like when someone says in the middle of
that video that they lost 50 pounds
effortlessly on a vegan diet that's not
a promise we should be making as
activists that's not a claim we should
be presenting as journalists or critics
from the movement now ladies and
gentlemen I'm going to give you a link
below this video to shark I've edited
together here clips from a number of
longer videos there are really important
news stories that really need
investigating there were false claims
being made within the movement and they
need individual eating I think all of us
need inspiration I'm not saying that all
the news is bad by any means there are
victories being scored for the vegan
movement and there's a role for a new
service and celebrating those things
also but it's a goddamn shame that all
of that news good or bad you won't find
on closest pbn plant-based news on the
contrary what you're going to find
or exactly the same kind of things used
to find on freelee's Network lies
pseudoscience false health claims and
exaggerated indeed preposterous claims
about how this ethical and ecological
movement is going to give you a bikini
body effortlessly hi folks i'm steve
hindi for showing animals respect and
kindness we received a number of letters
and emails from our supporters who know
we weren't at the national animal rights
conference last year inquiring whether
we will be there this year the short
answer is no and in this video i'll
attempt to explain why 12 years ago in
2006 i was inducted into the animal
rights Hall of Fame at the national
animal rights conference in Washington
DC it was an interesting experience
it's nice when others acknowledge your
work and I won't deny that I appreciated
this gesture in the years since however
I've watched the movement diminish
itself in many cases changing its focus
from helping animals to making money and
sometimes committing outright fraud much
like the megachurch the leaders of the
animal rights movement are out for their
followers money despite what they're
preaching there are still great groups
and individuals working for animals but
they aren't the ones getting the vital
support the real money is going to the
bullshitters in some cases people who
started out as great frontline activists
making real change have been swallowed
up by big groups and subsequently
allowed themselves to devolve into
bureaucrats those groups have abandoned
their skill at making change for the
animals working instead to hone their
skills at fundraising and then there are
the hustlers in the outright con artists
for whom money was always the focus not
stopping animal abuse in April 2017
shark uploaded a video exposing scam
artists and PETA co-founder Alex Pacheco
who now runs an organization called 600
million dogs needs you the focus of 600
million is a cookie which has supposedly
been in development for a couple of
decades that would sterilize a male or
female cat or dog
in your 2011 IRS 990 tax form it states
that you gave $40,000 to a single person
somewhere in Central America for quote
formula clinical trials in your 2012 990
form you again sent twenty thousand
dollars to Central America
I've called Alex Pacheco a scammer
before and I'm calling him that again
now but there's always the possibility
that I'm wrong so here's an offer for
you Alex this is ten thousand dollars in
cash it's not sharks money it's mine and
I'm willing to give it to you if you
will show that your claims are real if
you decide to take me up on my offer I
will supply a well-known sterilization
expert someone with impeccable
credentials to examine your information
all the expert will have to do is render
a professional opinion that your claim
is viable if the expert says yes this is
a real endeavor this money is yours
today there are groups and individuals
who haul in donations based on what
they're going to do but then there's no
follow-through willpotter
claims to be an award-winning
investigative journalist in June 2014
willpotter announced he was going to
raise money for a drone project through
a campaign on kickstarter.com willpotter
stated he would use the drones to watch
over factory farms powder called the
campaign drone on the farm on March 2
Kiyomi Shimizu pointed is very
frustrating when project starters
disappear this is actually one of the
projects that have completely put me off
using Kickstarter all together on march
5 2015 potter posted about an upcoming
kickstarter party that would include
vegan pizza snacks and beers on March 10
willpotter posted that the Kickstarter
party had been a success and included
pictures that was the final Kickstarter
update as time went on the complaints
continued the updates did not some
groups are now selling donors on
algorithms that they claim will tell you
where to send your donations to the most
product
groups which coincident ubi connected to
the people producing the algorithms who
is stupid enough to believe this
insanity many of the so-called movement
leaders aren't directly running these
scams but they have failed to speak out
about what is going on
they aren't leaders at all because
they've quietly sat by and watched the
movement be decimated for fear of
offending a donor with the truth about
the scams the national animal rights
conference is a reflection of the
worsening state of the movement it once
had a mission of turning out better
activists but now I see a conference
that works to turn out profit people who
were once encouraged to get out and
campaign for animals are now encouraged
to buy trinkets vegan food and t-shirts
partying into the night is the new
activism you just talk a good game while
you drink yourself silly in the face of
unprecedented information about the
horrors to which animals are subjected
worldwide we find perhaps the most
glaring example of delusion and hubris
of the national animal rights conference
in its final plenary which is titled
we're winning big animal groups today
are focusing time effort and money to
market themselves paying for media
coverage and schmoozing donors as
opposed to actually working for the
animals by conducting investigations and
working to stop cruelty and killing
falsely claiming the animals are winning
gives the impression that real action is
no longer required when nothing could be
further from the truth
where are the bold campaigns and animal
rights today I'm not talking about
stripping off your clothes or putting on
some fancy gala I'm talking about real
action it doesn't exist
weak leaders have developed weak
followers go out to the killing fields
and see how horribly the animals are
actually losing not winning I have
absolutely no time for empty gestures
from a corporate movement that has
completely lost its way and has had its
collective head planted firmly where the
Sun doesn't shine I banish yen